Welcome back among these students.
So on this section here we are going to be learning about it just because this is an awesome course
I think right.
And just because we're building an awesome application.
All right.
I decided to include it here in this course.
All right so we're going to be learning about good.
And for those of you that don't know what good is.
Give me just a few seconds to explain for those of you that already know what good is feel.
Welcome to.
You're welcome to go and skip this whole section and go to the next one where we build the application
.
All right.
So for those of you that don't know.
Here goes.
Good.
It's a version control software we already stole good for Windows.
We got to get a little give bash the little Schale though where were we right our commands for Windows
.
That's fine.
Boogity so much more than that.
All right.
A lot more than that we can what we can do is we can save our project say.
Let me just give you an example.
We'll building this application and we include the categories features for our application.
Right we are able to see categories now display them and do all kinds of stuff with categories.
Cool.
Then we write another feature for I don't know for online users and then we write another feature for
something else.
Right.
And then next week we do other upgrades to our application what happens.
The whole thing breaks and then you know we spend 10 hours 15 hours and we can't fix it.
And we say to ourselves oh my god what am I going to do or am I going to go back and redo the whole
thing.
Right.
That's an option that you got unless you already save your project.
That duplicate folder or something like that.
Well we get what you can do is you can actually go back in time to where you actually put each of those
upgrades in your application so for example if you put the old gray for categories and you know your
application was working when you put categories you can go back to the category time frame and start
from there again.
So basically we get.
You can go back in time to specific places in your applications where your code was working and restore
your whole project.
All right.
So is version control software just like we have been doing with migrations right with migration.
You can roll back right.
We get we do something very similar but it's a lot more powerful than that.
I decided to actually put this in this course because I know that some of you are going to invest a
lot of time in that project.
Some of you are going to invest a lot of time in some other projects and I want to save you some time
.
Plus I want to show you the most I can in every lecture in every course I make.
Just because you guys trusted me with your time and money to join this course a more milder.
So I hope you enjoy the section and I wish you the best.
And if you have any questions I'm here for you and I'll see you in the next lectures.
Take care.